welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode five
we start on a dark and gloomy night
where these thugs are clearly hunting
someone in the shadows
and it is a socatano yes she's got white
lightsabers going full ninja on these
guys hiding in the shadows
then wow gosh it is an epic scene what a
way to start she wants some information
from the woman who's the leader of this
town but it's like yo i'll execute a
bunch of civilians so go on get out of
here the next day it's mando and baby
yoda flying on in baby yoda is cute as
always he still wants the little knobby
thing he loves playing with and he uses
the force to get it amanda goes into
town and finds it's a very unhappy place
these people are horribly oppressed
being a super cool bounty hunter though
he's invited to go in and see the leader
the magistrate before amanda can say hey
i'm looking for a jedi she's like hey i
need you to kill a jedi for me as
payment she offers him a spear
it looks very boring but it is made out
of pure besgar
cool cemento goes out into the woods and
soon he's ambushed by predator asokatano
coming in there it's an epic short
little fight pretty soon though he's
like wait hold up i'm a friend and she's
like wait a second is that a baby yoda
she and baby yoda stare at each other
for a while apparently she's able to
communicate telepathically with him a
little bit we don't get any more
explanation on his species like
is he yoda's son or did you just like
sprout from an egg but we do learn two
important things he was a kid in
training at the jedi temple back on
coruscant remember the one anakin
slaughtered all of them yeah even though
baby yoda's still a toddler remember he
is 50 years old so he was there
and also this is big but he has a name
it is gorgu yeah gorgu will say it a
bunch of times till it sounds normal i'm
still going to call him baby yoda for a
while i think so the next day they do
some basic jedi training to see how much
he knows she's like hey kid move this
rock but he doesn't want to do it she's
like here mendo you give it a try and he
still doesn't care about the rock but he
does care about the ball from the stick
shift
oh pulls it right to him ahsoka's like
hey this kid really likes you and that's
not a good thing for a jedi she refuses
to train him because attachment to
others is a path to the dark side from
the clone wars show ahsoka was anakin
skywalker's apprentice so she saw
firsthand how attachment turned her best
friend and mentor into darth vader but
amanda's like okay i see where this is
going everyone i meet agrees to help me
if i do their side quest for him let's
go save this village for ya so that's
night ahsoka tano
wow up there gosh yeah so cool bad guys
chase after her and they're going to
execute the civilians but mando busts in
there and saves them so there's more
stealth fighting as ahsoka tries to take
down the captain and his droids but then
amanda holds him off while ahsoka goes
to 1v1 duel the magistrate
yes we're in a full-on samurai movie now
these two have an
epic fight lightsabers vs best car spear
yeah he can block him
yes this magistrate's a great fighter
too knocks one of ahsoka's lightsabers
away but in the end oh ahsoka gets her
she wants to know where her boss is
who's her boss is it maf gideon
no there's another name drop grand
admiral thrawn
yes apparently he's an epic villain from
rebels and the extended universe
super star wars fans everywhere like
blah while they had their samurai duel
mando and the captain were having an
old-fashioned western standoff
he pretended to surrender but was going
for another gun so mando took him out no
problem
so the town is saved hooray ahsoka gives
mando the best gar steel spear like hey
you need a sweet weapon to go with that
sweet armor and you know now we're gonna
see an epic duel between mando and moff
gideon
darksaber versus best guard steal spear
then mendo goes to get baby yoda aka
grogu and say goodbye
yes it would be heartbreaking to
separate these two but apparently that's
what his plan is but ahsoka comes up
like yo man you're clearly this kid's
dad i don't want to train him anyway if
you're really committed to bringing them
to other jedi go to the planet tython
there's an ancient jedi temple there
bring him to the top and put him on the
seeing stone and maybe he'll like reach
out through the force and find another
jedi this works for mendo he didn't want
to lose baby yoda anyway and ahsoka's
not coming with she's doing her own
thing it's awesome they're bringing in
these other star wars characters so cool
to see them in live action but it's also
great they're not taking over the show
it's about mando and baby yoda and i
love that
where will dinjarin and gorgu go from
here find out next time on the
mandalorian
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member